docs/UserGuide.adoc, before:

= OurAB - User Guide
:toc:
:toc-title:
:toc-placement: preamble
:sectnums:
:imagesDir: images
:stylesDir: stylesheets
:experimental:
ifdef::env-github[]
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
endif::[]
:repoURL: https://github.com/CS2103AUG2017-F09-B4/main

By: `Team F09-B4`      Since: `Aug 2017`      Licence: `MIT`    Adapted codebase from: `Team SE-EDU`

== Quick Start

.  Ensure you have Java version `1.8.0_60` or later installed in your Computer.
+
[NOTE]
Having any Java 8 version is not enough. +
This app will not work with earlier versions of Java 8.
+
.  Download the latest `OurAB.jar` link:{repoURL}/releases[here].
.  Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the home folder for OurAB.
.  Double-click the file to start the app. The GUI should appear in a few seconds.
+
image::Ui.png[width="790"]
+
.  Type the command in the command box and press kbd:[Enter] to execute it. +
e.g. typing *`help`* and pressing kbd:[Enter] will open the help window.
.  Some example commands you can try:

* *`list`* : lists all contacts
* **`add`**`n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01` : adds a contact named `John Doe` to the Address Book.
* **`delete`**`3` : deletes the 3rd contact shown in the current list
* *`exit`* : exits the app

.  Refer to the link:#features[Features] section below for details of each command.

== Features

====
*Command Format*

* Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user e.g. in `add n/NAME`, `NAME` is a parameter which can be used as `add n/John Doe`.
* Items in square brackets are optional e.g `n/NAME [t/TAG]` can be used as `n/John Doe t/friend` or as `n/John Doe`.
* Items with `…`​ after them can be used multiple times including zero times e.g. `[t/TAG]...` can be used as `{nbsp}` (i.e. 0 times), `t/friend`, `t/friend t/family` etc.
* Parameters can be in any order e.g. if the command specifies `n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `p/PHONE_NUMBER n/NAME` is also acceptable.
====

====
*Command Helper*

* When you start typing in the command line, a helper box appears to show you the list of commands available.
* e.g Typing `e` in the command line will show both the `edit` and `exit` commands in the command helper box.
* You can use the arrow keys to select commands that are displayed and press enter or tab to make it autofill for you in the command line.
+
image::commandboxhelper.PNG[width="790"]
+
====

=== Viewing help : `help`

Format: `help`

=== Adding a person: `add`

Adds a person to the address book +
Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]...`

[TIP]
A person can have any number of tags (including 0)

Examples:

* `add n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01`
* `add n/Betsy Crowe t/friend e/betsycrowe@example.com a/Newgate Prison p/1234567 t/criminal`

=== Listing all persons : `list`
`From v1.3`

Shows a list of all persons in the address book in alphabetical order. +
Format: `list`


=== Listing all persons, sorted by search frequency : `listByMostSearched` `Since v1.2`

Shows a list of all persons in the address book, sorted by descending order of search frequency +
Format: `listByMostSearched`

+
image::ListByMostSearchedDisplay.png[width="790"]
+

This list view is now undoable.

****
* Each time a person is searched for using `search`, the search frequency of the person is updated.
****

=== Editing a person : `edit`

Edits an existing person in the address book. +
Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]...`

****
* Edits the person at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the last person listing. The index *must be a positive integer* 1, 2, 3, ...
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
* Existing values will be updated to the input values.
* When editing tags, the existing tags of the person will be removed i.e adding of tags is not cumulative.
* You can remove all the person's tags by typing `t/` without specifying any tags after it.
****

Examples:

* `edit 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` +
Edits the phone number and email address of the 1st person to be `91234567` and `johndoe@example.com` respectively.
* `edit 2 n/Betsy Crower t/` +
Edits the name of the 2nd person to be `Betsy Crower` and clears all existing tags.

=== Locating persons by name: `find` `Removed since v1.5`

=== Search for persons by parameter: `Search` `Since v1.3`

Finds persons whose details match the given keywords. +
Format: 'search KEYWORD [MORE KEYWORD]'

****
* The search is case insensitive. e.g `hans` will match `Hans`
* The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. `Hans Bo` will match `Bo Hans`
* Parameters are searched (Name, Address, Phone Number, Email)
* Only full words will be matched e.g. `Han` will not match `Hans`
* Persons matching at least one keyword will be returned (i.e. `OR` search). e.g. `Hans Bo` will return `Hans Gruber`, `Bo Yang`
****

Examples:

* `search John` +
Returns `john` and `John Doe`
* `search Betsy Tim John` +
Returns any person having names `Betsy`, `Tim`, or `John`
* `search Serangoon` +
Returns `Bernice` and `David`, who stay in Serangoon

+
image::search-command-before.png[width="790"]
+
Before: User displaying contacts using the list command

+
image::search-command-after.png[width="790"]
+
After: Search command using the 'Serangoon' keyword

From this example, it can be understood that by searching Serangoon, we can see that it has listed all the people living in Serangoon, namely 'Bernice' and 'David'

=== Deleting a person : `delete`

Deletes the specified person from the address book. +
Format: `delete INDEX`

****
* Deletes the person at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* 1, 2, 3, ...
****

Examples:

* `list` +
`delete 2` +
Deletes the 2nd person in the address book.
* `serach Betsy` +
`delete 1` +
Deletes the 1st person in the results of the `serach` command.

=== Deleting tags : `deleteTag`
`From V1.3`

Deletes the specified tags from everyone in address book. +
Format: `deleteTag TAG1 TAG2 ...`

****
* Deletes all tags specified `TAG1 TAG2 ...`.
* If a particular is not used in address book, user is notified that no tag is deleted.
****

Examples:

* `deleteTag friends` +
Deletes the tag `friends` from everyone in the address book.

* `deleteTag friends colleagues` +
Deletes tags `friends` and `colleagues` from everyone in the address book.

=== Selecting a person : `select`

Selects the person identified by the index number used in the last person listing. +
Format: `select INDEX`

****
* Selects the person and loads the Google search page the person at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* `1, 2, 3, ...`
****

Examples:

* `list` +
`select 2` +
Selects the 2nd person in the address book.
* `serach Betsy` +
`select 1` +
Selects the 1st person in the results of the `serach` command.

=== Listing entered commands : `history`

Lists all the commands that you have entered in reverse chronological order. +
Format: `history`

[NOTE]
====
Pressing the kbd:[&uarr;] and kbd:[&darr;] arrows will display the previous and next input respectively in the command box.
====

=== Configure Asana `since v1.5`
==== Setup Asana : `setupAsana`

Configure Asana for use with `AddMeeting`. +
Format: `setupAsana`

The application will redirect you to a page that will look like this: +

image::AsanaLogin.png[width="800"]

Login with your own username and password. Create an account if you do not already have an account. +
Once logged in, you will be asked to allow our application to access your account:

image::AsanaConfirmation.png[width="800"]

Once approved, you will be provided with an access code that looks like this:

image::AsanaAccessCode.png[width="400"]

Copy the the access code of the form : `DIGIT/ALPHANUMERICS`

==== Set unique key : `setKey`

Store your access key in our application. +
Format: `setKey` `DIGIT/ALPHANUMERICS` +
(type `setKey` & paste the access code from previous step)

Example:

* `setKey 0/1234gh678tyk32i3`

[NOTE]
====
Only for this release, the access token is destroyed after closing the application. Reconfigure Asana upon restart.
====

=== Adding a new meeting command: `addMeeting` `Since v1.5`

Adds a new meeting to the addressbook +
Format: `addMeeting on DATE from TIME at LOCATION about NOTES [with PERSON]...`

Furthermore, every meeting added is saved locally and online on https://www.asana.com[Asana]. +
(Only if there is a working internet connection & Asana is setup) +
Each meeting is saved as a separate task under `Meetings` project in `Personal Projects` workspace. +


[TIP]
A meeting can have more than 1 (at least 1) person associated with the meeting.

Examples:

* `add on 24/11/2017 from 1400 at Tea Party Cafe about Meetup with 1`
* `add on 12/11/2017 from 1000 at University Town about Dialogue with 2 with 3`


For Asana to be functional, make sure you have: +

* An account with Asana (Free or Premium) +
* A Workspace called `Personal Projects` (This is usually generated automatically)


[WARNING]
This is NOT an undoable command.

// tag::nextmeeting[]
=== Listing next upcoming meeting : `nextMeeting` `Since v1.3`

Displays information about the next upcoming meeting. +
Format: `nextMeeting`

// tag::undoredo[]
=== Undoing previous command : `undo`

Restores the address book to the state before the previous _undoable_ command was executed. +
Format: `undo`

[NOTE]
====
Undoable commands: those commands that modify the address book's content (`add`, `delete`, `edit` and `clear`).
====

Examples:

* `delete 1` +
`list` +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +

* `select 1` +
`list` +
`undo` +
The `undo` command fails as there are no undoable commands executed previously.

* `delete 1` +
`clear` +
`undo` (reverses the `clear` command) +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +

=== Redoing the previously undone command : `redo`

Reverses the most recent `undo` command. +
Format: `redo`

Examples:

* `delete 1` +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +
`redo` (reapplies the `delete 1` command) +

* `delete 1` +
`redo` +
The `redo` command fails as there are no `undo` commands executed previously.

* `delete 1` +
`clear` +
`undo` (reverses the `clear` command) +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +
`redo` (reapplies the `delete 1` command) +
`redo` (reapplies the `clear` command) +
// end::undoredo[]

=== Clearing all entries : `clear`

Clears all entries from the address book. +
Format: `clear`

=== Customizing user preference : `pref` `Since v1.2`

Edits the user preference. +
Format: `pref [KEY] [NEW_VALUE]` +
If  `NEW_VALUE` is blank, the current preference will be displayed. +

[NOTE]
====
Some preference changes will take effect after restarting the address book.
====

[NOTE]
====
See <<#pref-list, Appendix A>> for the list of editable preferences.
====

Typing this command will bring up the settings panel at the side of the application. `Since v1.3`

Examples:

* `pref Theme` +
Displays the current value for `Theme`
* `pref Theme Dark` +
Changes `Theme` to `Dark`

=== Editing display screen : `choose` `Since v1.4`

Chooses what to display on the main screen. +
Format: `choose [NEW_VALUE]` +
[NOTE]
====
See <<#pref-list, Appendix>> for the list of editable display preferences
====

Typing this command will bring up the settings panel at the side of the application. `Since v1.3`

Examples:

* `choose linkedin` +
Displays the linkedin results page of profiles that match user selected.

=== Searching for a person's address by google maps : `map` `Since v1.4`

Displays a google map search based of the person's address of the given index in the browser panel. +
Format: 'map [INDEX]'

****
* Selects the person and loads the Google maps page of the person's address at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* `1, 2, 3, ...`
****

image::google-map-example.png[width="790"]

Example of a MapCommand search of Alex Yeoh, index 1 of the list.

=== Exiting the program : `exit`

Exits the program. +
Format: `exit`

=== Saving the data

Address book data are saved in the hard disk automatically after any command that changes the data. +
There is no need to save manually.

== FAQ

*Q*: How do I transfer my data to another Computer? +
*A*: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous Address Book folder.

== Command Summary

* *Add* `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `add n/James Ho p/22224444 e/jamesho@example.com a/123, Clementi Rd, 1234665 t/friend t/colleague` +
Can also use shortcut 'a'
* *Clear* : `clear`
* *Delete* : `delete INDEX` +
e.g. `delete 3` +
Can also use shortcut 'd'
* *Delete Tag* : `deleteTag TAG1 TAG2 ...` +
e.g. `delete friends` +
Can also use shortcut 'dt'
* *Edit* : `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `edit 2 n/James Lee e/jameslee@example.com` +
Can also use shortcut 'e'
* *List By Most Searched* : `ListByMostSearched` +
Can also use shortcut 'lms'
* *List* : `list` +
Can also use shortcut 'l'
* *Map* : `map INDEX' +
e.g.'map 3' +
Can also use shortcut 'm'
* *Help* : `help`
* *Search* : `search KEYWORD [KEYWORD]` +
Can also use shortcut 'se'
* *Select* : `select INDEX` +
e.g.`select 2` +
Can also use shortcut 's'
* *History* : `history` +
Can also use shortcut 'h'
* *Setup Asana* : `setupAsana` +
Can also use shortcut `sa`
* *Set Unique Key* : `setKey` +
Can also use shortcut `sk`
* *Add Meeting* : `addMeeting` +
Can also use shortcut `am`
* *Next Meeting* : `nextMeeting` +
Can also use shortcut `nm`
* *Undo* : `undo` +
Can also use shortcut 'u'
* *Redo* : `redo` +
Can also use shortcut 'r'
* *Preference* : `pref KEY [NEW_VALUE]` +
Can also use shortcut 'p'
* *Display Mode* : `choose [NEW_VALUE]`

== Features coming in v2.0

* *Find nearest meeting location* - finds a common meeting point based on users' addresses
* *Add meeting time* - Adds a meeting time to the contacts that is removed automatically when the time is reached
* *Retrieve meeting of the day* - Shows all current meetings for today that have been scheduled

[appendix]
== List Of User Preferences
Possible arguments for `choose` command: `linkedin`, `google`, `meetings`, `maps`
[#pref-list]
Possible arguments for `pref` command:

* `AddressBookName`
* `AddressBookFilePath` : indicates where the address book is stored in local storage
* `Theme`: Customizes the appearance of the application. Possible values are `Light`, `Blue` and `Dark`
* `DefaultProfilePhoto`: The default photo used if the person does not have a personal Gravatar. Possible values are
`person`, `geometric`, `monster`, `face`, `retro`, `robot` and `blank`. +
 See link:https://en.gravatar.com/site/implement/images/[here] for examples.

Commit message:

Credit user for Mac gibberish text fix

docs/UserGuide.adoc, after:

= OurAB - User Guide
:toc:
:toc-title:
:toc-placement: preamble
:sectnums:
:imagesDir: images
:stylesDir: stylesheets
:experimental:
ifdef::env-github[]
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
endif::[]
:repoURL: https://github.com/CS2103AUG2017-F09-B4/main

By: `Team F09-B4`      Since: `Aug 2017`      Licence: `MIT`    Adapted codebase from: `Team SE-EDU`

== Quick Start

.  Ensure you have Java version `1.8.0_60` or later installed in your Computer.
+
[NOTE]
Having any Java 8 version is not enough. +
This app will not work with earlier versions of Java 8.
+
.  Download the latest `OurAB.jar` link:{repoURL}/releases[here].
.  Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the home folder for OurAB.
.  Double-click the file to start the app. The GUI should appear in a few seconds.
+
image::Ui.png[width="790"]
+
.  Type the command in the command box and press kbd:[Enter] to execute it. +
e.g. typing *`help`* and pressing kbd:[Enter] will open the help window.
.  Some example commands you can try:

* *`list`* : lists all contacts
* **`add`**`n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01` : adds a contact named `John Doe` to the Address Book.
* **`delete`**`3` : deletes the 3rd contact shown in the current list
* *`exit`* : exits the app

.  Refer to the link:#features[Features] section below for details of each command.

== Features

====
*Command Format*

* Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user e.g. in `add n/NAME`, `NAME` is a parameter which can be used as `add n/John Doe`.
* Items in square brackets are optional e.g `n/NAME [t/TAG]` can be used as `n/John Doe t/friend` or as `n/John Doe`.
* Items with `…`​ after them can be used multiple times including zero times e.g. `[t/TAG]...` can be used as `{nbsp}` (i.e. 0 times), `t/friend`, `t/friend t/family` etc.
* Parameters can be in any order e.g. if the command specifies `n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `p/PHONE_NUMBER n/NAME` is also acceptable.
====

====
*Command Helper*

* When you start typing in the command line, a helper box appears to show you the list of commands available.
* e.g Typing `e` in the command line will show both the `edit` and `exit` commands in the command helper box.
* You can use the arrow keys to select commands that are displayed and press enter or tab to make it autofill for you in the command line.
+
image::commandboxhelper.PNG[width="790"]
+
====

=== Viewing help : `help`

Format: `help`

[NOTE]
====
Fixed Gibberish text on Mac. Credit to @caoliangnus on https://github.com/nus-cs2103-AY1718S1/forum/issues/208[fix].
====

=== Adding a person: `add`

Adds a person to the address book +
Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]...`

[TIP]
A person can have any number of tags (including 0)

Examples:

* `add n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01`
* `add n/Betsy Crowe t/friend e/betsycrowe@example.com a/Newgate Prison p/1234567 t/criminal`

=== Listing all persons : `list`
`From v1.3`

Shows a list of all persons in the address book in alphabetical order. +
Format: `list`


=== Listing all persons, sorted by search frequency : `listByMostSearched` `Since v1.2`

Shows a list of all persons in the address book, sorted by descending order of search frequency +
Format: `listByMostSearched`

+
image::ListByMostSearchedDisplay.png[width="790"]
+

This list view is now undoable.

****
* Each time a person is searched for using `search`, the search frequency of the person is updated.
****

=== Editing a person : `edit`

Edits an existing person in the address book. +
Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]...`

****
* Edits the person at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the last person listing. The index *must be a positive integer* 1, 2, 3, ...
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
* Existing values will be updated to the input values.
* When editing tags, the existing tags of the person will be removed i.e adding of tags is not cumulative.
* You can remove all the person's tags by typing `t/` without specifying any tags after it.
****

Examples:

* `edit 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` +
Edits the phone number and email address of the 1st person to be `91234567` and `johndoe@example.com` respectively.
* `edit 2 n/Betsy Crower t/` +
Edits the name of the 2nd person to be `Betsy Crower` and clears all existing tags.

=== Locating persons by name: `find` `Removed since v1.5`

=== Search for persons by parameter: `Search` `Since v1.3`

Finds persons whose details match the given keywords. +
Format: 'search KEYWORD [MORE KEYWORD]'

****
* The search is case insensitive. e.g `hans` will match `Hans`
* The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. `Hans Bo` will match `Bo Hans`
* Parameters are searched (Name, Address, Phone Number, Email)
* Only full words will be matched e.g. `Han` will not match `Hans`
* Persons matching at least one keyword will be returned (i.e. `OR` search). e.g. `Hans Bo` will return `Hans Gruber`, `Bo Yang`
****

Examples:

* `search John` +
Returns `john` and `John Doe`
* `search Betsy Tim John` +
Returns any person having names `Betsy`, `Tim`, or `John`
* `search Serangoon` +
Returns `Bernice` and `David`, who stay in Serangoon

+
image::search-command-before.png[width="790"]
+
Before: User displaying contacts using the list command

+
image::search-command-after.png[width="790"]
+
After: Search command using the 'Serangoon' keyword

From this example, it can be understood that by searching Serangoon, we can see that it has listed all the people living in Serangoon, namely 'Bernice' and 'David'

=== Deleting a person : `delete`

Deletes the specified person from the address book. +
Format: `delete INDEX`

****
* Deletes the person at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* 1, 2, 3, ...
****

Examples:

* `list` +
`delete 2` +
Deletes the 2nd person in the address book.
* `serach Betsy` +
`delete 1` +
Deletes the 1st person in the results of the `serach` command.

=== Deleting tags : `deleteTag`
`From V1.3`

Deletes the specified tags from everyone in address book. +
Format: `deleteTag TAG1 TAG2 ...`

****
* Deletes all tags specified `TAG1 TAG2 ...`.
* If a particular is not used in address book, user is notified that no tag is deleted.
****

Examples:

* `deleteTag friends` +
Deletes the tag `friends` from everyone in the address book.

* `deleteTag friends colleagues` +
Deletes tags `friends` and `colleagues` from everyone in the address book.

=== Selecting a person : `select`

Selects the person identified by the index number used in the last person listing. +
Format: `select INDEX`

****
* Selects the person and loads the Google search page the person at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* `1, 2, 3, ...`
****

Examples:

* `list` +
`select 2` +
Selects the 2nd person in the address book.
* `serach Betsy` +
`select 1` +
Selects the 1st person in the results of the `serach` command.

=== Listing entered commands : `history`

Lists all the commands that you have entered in reverse chronological order. +
Format: `history`

[NOTE]
====
Pressing the kbd:[&uarr;] and kbd:[&darr;] arrows will display the previous and next input respectively in the command box.
====

=== Configure Asana `since v1.5`
==== Setup Asana : `setupAsana`

Configure Asana for use with `AddMeeting`. +
Format: `setupAsana`

The application will redirect you to a page that will look like this: +

image::AsanaLogin.png[width="800"]

Login with your own username and password. Create an account if you do not already have an account. +
Once logged in, you will be asked to allow our application to access your account:

image::AsanaConfirmation.png[width="800"]

Once approved, you will be provided with an access code that looks like this:

image::AsanaAccessCode.png[width="400"]

Copy the the access code of the form : `DIGIT/ALPHANUMERICS`

==== Set unique key : `setKey`

Store your access key in our application. +
Format: `setKey` `DIGIT/ALPHANUMERICS` +
(type `setKey` & paste the access code from previous step)

Example:

* `setKey 0/1234gh678tyk32i3`

[NOTE]
====
Only for this release, the access token is destroyed after closing the application. Reconfigure Asana upon restart.
====

=== Adding a new meeting command: `addMeeting` `Since v1.5`

Adds a new meeting to the addressbook +
Format: `addMeeting on DATE from TIME at LOCATION about NOTES [with PERSON]...`

Furthermore, every meeting added is saved locally and online on https://www.asana.com[Asana]. +
(Only if there is a working internet connection & Asana is setup) +
Each meeting is saved as a separate task under `Meetings` project in `Personal Projects` workspace. +


[TIP]
A meeting can have more than 1 (at least 1) person associated with the meeting.

Examples:

* `add on 24/11/2017 from 1400 at Tea Party Cafe about Meetup with 1`
* `add on 12/11/2017 from 1000 at University Town about Dialogue with 2 with 3`


For Asana to be functional, make sure you have: +

* An account with Asana (Free or Premium) +
* A Workspace called `Personal Projects` (This is usually generated automatically)


[WARNING]
This is NOT an undoable command.

// tag::nextmeeting[]
=== Listing next upcoming meeting : `nextMeeting` `Since v1.3`

Displays information about the next upcoming meeting. +
Format: `nextMeeting`

// tag::undoredo[]
=== Undoing previous command : `undo`

Restores the address book to the state before the previous _undoable_ command was executed. +
Format: `undo`

[NOTE]
====
Undoable commands: those commands that modify the address book's content (`add`, `delete`, `edit` and `clear`).
====

Examples:

* `delete 1` +
`list` +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +

* `select 1` +
`list` +
`undo` +
The `undo` command fails as there are no undoable commands executed previously.

* `delete 1` +
`clear` +
`undo` (reverses the `clear` command) +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +

=== Redoing the previously undone command : `redo`

Reverses the most recent `undo` command. +
Format: `redo`

Examples:

* `delete 1` +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +
`redo` (reapplies the `delete 1` command) +

* `delete 1` +
`redo` +
The `redo` command fails as there are no `undo` commands executed previously.

* `delete 1` +
`clear` +
`undo` (reverses the `clear` command) +
`undo` (reverses the `delete 1` command) +
`redo` (reapplies the `delete 1` command) +
`redo` (reapplies the `clear` command) +
// end::undoredo[]

=== Clearing all entries : `clear`

Clears all entries from the address book. +
Format: `clear`

=== Customizing user preference : `pref` `Since v1.2`

Edits the user preference. +
Format: `pref [KEY] [NEW_VALUE]` +
If  `NEW_VALUE` is blank, the current preference will be displayed. +

[NOTE]
====
Some preference changes will take effect after restarting the address book.
====

[NOTE]
====
See <<#pref-list, Appendix A>> for the list of editable preferences.
====

Typing this command will bring up the settings panel at the side of the application. `Since v1.3`

Examples:

* `pref Theme` +
Displays the current value for `Theme`
* `pref Theme Dark` +
Changes `Theme` to `Dark`

=== Editing display screen : `choose` `Since v1.4`

Chooses what to display on the main screen. +
Format: `choose [NEW_VALUE]` +
[NOTE]
====
See <<#pref-list, Appendix>> for the list of editable display preferences
====

Typing this command will bring up the settings panel at the side of the application. `Since v1.3`

Examples:

* `choose linkedin` +
Displays the linkedin results page of profiles that match user selected.

=== Searching for a person's address by google maps : `map` `Since v1.4`

Displays a google map search based of the person's address of the given index in the browser panel. +
Format: 'map [INDEX]'

****
* Selects the person and loads the Google maps page of the person's address at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the most recent listing.
* The index *must be a positive integer* `1, 2, 3, ...`
****

image::google-map-example.png[width="790"]

Example of a MapCommand search of Alex Yeoh, index 1 of the list.

[NOTE]
====
Fixed gibberish text on Mac. Credit to suggested https://github.com/nus-cs2103-AY1718S1/forum/issues/208[fix].
====

=== Exiting the program : `exit`

Exits the program. +
Format: `exit`

=== Saving the data

Address book data are saved in the hard disk automatically after any command that changes the data. +
There is no need to save manually.

== FAQ

*Q*: How do I transfer my data to another Computer? +
*A*: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous Address Book folder.

== Command Summary

* *Add* `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `add n/James Ho p/22224444 e/jamesho@example.com a/123, Clementi Rd, 1234665 t/friend t/colleague` +
Can also use shortcut 'a'
* *Clear* : `clear`
* *Delete* : `delete INDEX` +
e.g. `delete 3` +
Can also use shortcut 'd'
* *Delete Tag* : `deleteTag TAG1 TAG2 ...` +
e.g. `delete friends` +
Can also use shortcut 'dt'
* *Edit* : `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]...` +
e.g. `edit 2 n/James Lee e/jameslee@example.com` +
Can also use shortcut 'e'
* *List By Most Searched* : `ListByMostSearched` +
Can also use shortcut 'lms'
* *List* : `list` +
Can also use shortcut 'l'
* *Map* : `map INDEX' +
e.g.'map 3' +
Can also use shortcut 'm'
* *Help* : `help`
* *Search* : `search KEYWORD [KEYWORD]` +
Can also use shortcut 'se'
* *Select* : `select INDEX` +
e.g.`select 2` +
Can also use shortcut 's'
* *History* : `history` +
Can also use shortcut 'h'
* *Setup Asana* : `setupAsana` +
Can also use shortcut `sa`
* *Set Unique Key* : `setKey` +
Can also use shortcut `sk`
* *Add Meeting* : `addMeeting` +
Can also use shortcut `am`
* *Next Meeting* : `nextMeeting` +
Can also use shortcut `nm`
* *Undo* : `undo` +
Can also use shortcut 'u'
* *Redo* : `redo` +
Can also use shortcut 'r'
* *Preference* : `pref KEY [NEW_VALUE]` +
Can also use shortcut 'p'
* *Display Mode* : `choose [NEW_VALUE]`

== Features coming in v2.0

* *Find nearest meeting location* - finds a common meeting point based on users' addresses
* *Add meeting time* - Adds a meeting time to the contacts that is removed automatically when the time is reached
* *Retrieve meeting of the day* - Shows all current meetings for today that have been scheduled

[appendix]
== List Of User Preferences
Possible arguments for `choose` command: `linkedin`, `google`, `meetings`, `maps`
[#pref-list]
Possible arguments for `pref` command:

* `AddressBookName`
* `AddressBookFilePath` : indicates where the address book is stored in local storage
* `Theme`: Customizes the appearance of the application. Possible values are `Light`, `Blue` and `Dark`
* `DefaultProfilePhoto`: The default photo used if the person does not have a personal Gravatar. Possible values are
`person`, `geometric`, `monster`, `face`, `retro`, `robot` and `blank`. +
 See link:https://en.gravatar.com/site/implement/images/[here] for examples.
